OSDOCS#7527: Adding more info about PSA, including namespaces that ar… (#64227)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/security-context-constraints-psa-about.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * authentication/understanding-and-managing-pod-security-admission.adoc
// * operators/operator_sdk/osdk-complying-with-psa.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="security-context-constraints-psa-about_{context}"]
= About pod security admission

{product-title} includes link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-admission[Kubernetes pod security admission]. Pods that do not comply with the pod security admission defined globally or at the namespace level are not admitted to the cluster and cannot run.

Globally, the `privileged` profile is enforced, and the `restricted` profile is used for warnings and audits.

> To configure the pod security admission settings at the namespace level, set a label on the namespace in the following format: `pod-security.kubernetes.io/<mode>: <profile>`, where `<mode>` is the mode to configure and `<profile>` is the profile to use for that mode.

Reviewer: @bergerhoffer Instead of this "**format**" (or along with the format), can we add a command example like below:
`oc label namespace <namespace> pod-security.kubernetes.io/<mode>=<profile> --overwrite`

Others /lgtm from QE.

Author: Thanks for the suggestion. I moved this into an actual procedure module on how to set the labels. Let me know what you think!

[id="psa-modes_{context}"]
== Pod security admission modes

You can configure the following pod security admission modes for a namespace:

.Pod security admission modes
[cols="1,2,3a",options="header"]
|===
|Mode
|Label
|Description

|`enforce`
|`pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce`

> |Rejects a pod from admission if it does not comply with the set profile.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Rejects a pod from admission if it does not comply with the set profile
```
I don't think the descriptions in this table need to end with periods because none of them are complete sentences. Reference: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=punctuation-periods#lists

|`audit`
|`pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit`

> |Logs audit events if a pod does not comply with the set profile.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Logs audit events if a pod does not comply with the set profile
```

|`warn`
|`pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn`

> |Displays warnings if a pod does not comply with the set profile.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Displays warnings if a pod does not comply with the set profile
```

|===

[id="psa-profiles_{context}"]
== Pod security admission profiles

You can set each of the pod security admission modes to one of the following profiles:

.Pod security admission profiles
[cols="1,3a",options="header"]
|===
|Profile
|Description

|`privileged`

> |Least restrictive policy; allows for known privilege escalation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Least restrictive policy; allows for known privilege escalation
```
Same here -- none of the descriptions are complete sentences, so none of them need to end with a period

|`baseline`

> |Minimally restrictive policy; prevents known privilege escalations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Minimally restrictive policy; prevents known privilege escalations
```

|`restricted`

> |Most restrictive policy; follows current pod hardening best practices.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Most restrictive policy; follows current pod hardening best practices
```

> |===

Reviewer 3: should we link to the upstream docs here?

Author: We usually try to limit how often we link to upstream. If there is any other additional information from upstream that you think is worthwhile to pull into this doc, let me know

[id="psa-exemptions_{context}"]
== Pod security admission exemptions

> The following system namespaces are exempt from pod security admission control:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `privileged` pod security profile is forced on the following system namespaces:
```

* `default`
* `kube-public`
* `kube-system`

> Pods in these namespaces are created even if they would have otherwise been rejected due to the set policy.

Reviewer 3: That's not accurate, the namespaces are not exempt, we're only forcing the profile to be `privileged` there.

Author: Okay thanks. I think I had formed that from the PSA exemptions section here: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-admission/#exemptions

But if they aren't really exempt, we're just forcing privileged always, then I'll look into rewording this section.
